Update readme to scan private repository (#42)
aquasecurity/trivy-action: README.md

          sarif_file: 'trivy-results.sarif'
```

### Using Trivy to scan your private registry
It's also possible to scan your private registry with Trivy's built-in image scan. All you have to do is set ENV vars.

#### Docker Hub registry
Docker Hub needs `TRIVY_USERNAME` and `TRIVY_PASSWORD`.

> You don't need to set ENV vars when download from public repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to set ENV vars when downloading from a public repository.
```

You can use [AWS CLI's ENV Vars][env-var].

[env-var]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html
```yaml
name: build
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master
  pull_request:
jobs:
  build:
    name: Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-18.04
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Build an image from Dockerfile
        run: |
          docker build -t docker.io/my-organization/my-app:${{ github.sha }} .

      - name: Run Trivy vulnerability scanner
        uses: aquasecurity/trivy-action@master
        with:
          image-ref: 'docker.io/my-organization/my-app:${{ github.sha }}'
          format: 'template'
          template: '@/contrib/sarif.tpl'
          output: 'trivy-results.sarif'
        env:
          AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: key_id
          AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: access_key
          AWS_DEFAULT_REGION: us-west-2

      - name: Upload Trivy scan results to GitHub Security tab
        uses: github/codeql-action/upload-sarif@v1
        with:
          sarif_file: 'trivy-results.sarif'
```

#### GCR (Google Container Registry)
Trivy uses Google Cloud SDK. You don't need to install `gcloud` command.

> If you want to use target project's repository, you can settle via `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use target project's repository, you can set it via `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL`.
```
